MAN (muffled):
Somebody help me!
Help me! Help me!
(pounding)
Don't!
(muffled yelling)
Help!
Okay, that's it.
You shut up!
No. Please.
Please. You said
you'd let me go.
No. We are not done yet.
I know you've been
through a lot, and I'm sorry.
Sorry for some bad decisions
that you've made?
Please. This...
This isn't the way...
Or sorry that you don't
get to, what?
Just walk away?
I have... I have
two little girls.
Please. And a wife.
No!
Somebody! Help!
Stop!
(quiet, muffled groaning)
Mr. Finch?
He's right
over there.
Mr. Finch, how are you?
I'm Lee. I'm the branch manager.
Dennis tells me you want
to withdraw $40,000, correct?
That's right.
Well, unfortunately,
Mr. Finch, the daily
cash withdrawal limit
on your account is only $10,000.
$10,000?
That's right.
We could arrange
a cashier's check
for the balance,
if that works for you.
A check?
Yeah?
No.
That really doesn't work.
You see, uh,
I actually need the full amount
in cash, so...
Well, we can certainly do that
at ten thousand a day.
Look, the thing is,
I'm a little short on time.
I'm sure you can
make an exception.
It's a perfectly
simple transaction.
Unfortunately, Mr. Finch, um,
we're a small credit union.
A withdrawal of that size
requires 24 hours notice.
So, as I said, if you'd like
to come back tomorrow...
No, that's not an option!
Mr. Finch, could I just ask you
to lower your voice?
Look, this is
my own money.
Okay, it belongs to me.
This is perfectly
simple.
Okay.
All you need to
do is return to me
the money I left
in your care,
and I'll be on my way.
I'm afraid that's just
not possible.
Make it possible!
(woman gasps)
(clears throat)
(Jules humming)
You need a hand?
No, I'm good.
You need a hand
with the tie-off?
No.
You know, if you'd give
it a quarter-twist...
Okay, you know what, Jules?
It's all yours.
Thanks.
Hey, how's Sophie?
She's good.
How's her big belly?
Big.
Did you got a
new ultrasound?
No.
How'd you do
it with Clark?
You know, making
the time, this job?
You just...
You just do it, you know?
You make the time.
Okay.
PARKER:
Not a good subject
right now.
What's going on?
Just give him
a little space.
Space.
Sure.
WINNIE:
Team One, gear up.
(alarm sounding)
Armed robbery in progress.
Single suspect, white male, 40s,
handgun.
(sirens blaring)
Hostages?
At least half a dozen.
One witness made it out.
She told a first responder
that the man was screaming
at the tellers.
Uh, thought he might be
emotionally disturbed.
Kept saying "I want my money.
It's my money."
Thanks, Winnie.
You're quiet.
I'm listening.
White male, 40s.
I heard her.
How's Sophie?
She's good.
She's staying
with her mom, still.
Her mom couldn't come stay
with you, huh?
You go up there yet?
I call her.
Hmm. How's that?
She needs her space,
so I'm-I'm giving it to her.
What?
I thought you were a fighter.
So, Jules...
Yeah.
Asking about kids.
Does nothing escape your notice?
(sirens blaring)
SAM:
That glass is a problem.
He's gonna see us coming.
Spike, what's on the roof?
SPIKE:
If you get up there,
you may have access,
but you might have
to pop open a roof hatch.
I'll grab a wedge.
All right, let's check the back.
Let's get up there.
Got a couple more witnesses.
He's working alone,
he's emotionally volatile.
He managed to disarm
the security guard,
and, uh, he keeps
saying "It's my money."
He came unarmed?
Yup.
Well, this isn't sounding
like a stick-'em-up.
Yeah, more like a really
unsatisfied customer,
whose name
is Mr. Finch.
Mr. Finch?
Yeah, that's what the
staff kept calling him.
Well, you could have
said that first, Jules. Spike?
Got it. Mr. Finch.
I'm accessing the credit union
records right now,
and I got CCTV coming up, too.
Now, how are you getting
that from the truck?
'Cause I'm magic.
'Cause he talked
to the assistant
branch manager
who gave him
the access code.
And I worked my magic by
asking her nicely.
Here's our way up.
Roger Finch is definitely
a customer at this branch.
PARKER:
Any criminal records?
Mental health records?
No and no. Record's clean.
Place of work--
Central District High School.
He's a principal.
What about family?
Got a Gina Finch
from the same address
who's also got an account here.
Her place of work--
Carlbrook Business Center.
Okay.
Carlbrook's is about
a block from here.
All right, get the number,
see if she can come down here.
Then call the school.
Maybe they can shed some light
on this.
What do you see?
Four angles.
Take your pick.
Looks like about
12 hostages.
What? No sound?
It's a pretty
basic system.
Video only.
No injuries, though,
as far as I can tell.
LEE:
Look, I'm-I'm sorry.
There's nothing I can do.
What is the problem here?
I'm sorry.
This is a bank.
No, I... I'm sorry.
I-I told you,
the vault locks down.
Then take it out of here.
(grunts)
Look, I-I...
Open these right now!
Okay, look, the drawers
lock automatically.
The-The...
The cash drops down
into a safe...
Then open the safe!
I...
(phone ringing)
(murmuring)
It's the police.
PARKER:
Roger Finch?
Yes.
How you doing? This is
Sergeant Greg Parker. I'm with
the Police
Strategic Response Unit.
I need for you
to tell these people
to let me take my own money out
of my own account!
Can you do
that for me?
$40,000 in cash.
You do that for me,
and this'll be over.
Well, is there a reason
you need that amount today, sir?
'Cause if someone's
pressuring you...
No one's...
Look, I haven't
got time for this.
I need for you, as
a police officer,
to order these people to
let me have my own money.
Then I leave.
Nobody gets hurt.
Okay. I can speak to them.
But I'm gonna ask you first
to put the gun on the floor
while I get
a dialogue going, okay?
No, I can't do that!
Please, just-just-just...
just...
ED:
This guy hasn't exactly
thought this out.
PARKER:
Well, he wasn't expecting
to need a gun today.
SAM:
A civilian having
a bad day.
He's no career criminal.
But I'm worried about
that tunnel vision
right now.
He mentioned being short
on time.
PARKER:
He's stressed,
and he's not listening,
'cause his demands
aren't being met.
He's erratic and impulsive.
We got to get in there now.
SPIKE:
If you go to your left,
you should find that hatch.
All right,
we're in. Sam?
Hey, boss, this is
Roger's wife, Gina.
I don't understand
what's going on.
Mrs. Finch,
I'm Sergeant Parker.
Have you spoken
to your husband today?
Yes, before he left for work.
Any unusual behavior?
No, he was fine.
Please, what's
going on?
I'm sorry
to say this, ma'am,
but your husband
is in that building,
and he's armed.
What?
He's trying
to get his hands
on a large sum of money
from his account.
Do you have any idea why
he would need to do this?
No, I don't.
Do you know if he's
involved with gambling?
Does he go to the casinos,
play the horses?
No. Definitely not.
Look, I know
this is difficult,
but has he had
to borrow any money lately?
You have two kids, right?
Yes, two girls.
Paige and Natalie.
And where are they now?
I-I dropped them off
at school this morning.
What school is that?
Rivington Public.
I'm going to send
a police officer there now,
just check on them?
Is that okay?
Spike, you copy that?
SPIKE:
Copy, boss.
Okay, I'm sorry,
Mrs. Finch, but we just need
to understand
why your husband's gone
to such extremes
to get his hands
on that kind of money.
No. This has to be a mistake.
Okay, I understand.
Do you mind
just stepping
inside the truck
for a moment?
I'll join you
in a second.
Please don't let
anything happen to him.
We don't plan on it, ma'am.
There you go.
ED:
Boss,
seconds away.
PARKER:
Copy, Ed.
Is it wise or not wise to bring
his wife into the picture?
Well, if he's hiding something,
it could cause a confrontation.
Could escalate
him even more.
JULES:
Or it could make
him think twice
about the consequences
of what he's doing.
Let's give it a shot.
Spike, any news
on, um, Mrs. Finch's girls?
They're fine.
They're at school.
That's great.
Mrs. Finch, I can't
put you on the phone,
but I'm going to talk
to your husband in there,
but I'm gonna need your help
just to keep him steady, okay?
Sure.
Thank you.
(phone ringing)
(panting)
What?
PARKER:
Mr. Finch,
Greg Parker again.
I'm here with your wife.
My w... my wife?
No. No, no, no,
I don't want to talk to her.
She's really worried
about you, sir,
and she just wants
to help figure out...
I've got nothing to say to her!
PARKER:
That's fine,
Roger. I'm going
to do the talking,
but I'd like
to be able to explain
to Gina here
what this is all about.
We're done!
(click)
All right, stand by
for aggressive entry.
That's not him.
That's-That's
not my husband.
Pardon me?
That's not him.
It doesn't even
look like him.
Jules.
I'm on it.
PARKER:
Team One, new deal.
We have no I.D. on the subject,
Officers.
Boss,
if it's not him, who is it?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
(sirens chirping)
(garbled radio transmission)
Finch never showed up
at school.
The car's in the parking lot,
door left wide open.
We're looking at
an abduction.
And stolen identity.
I got advantage,
boss. I can take him.
Eddie, we need
to take this guy less-lethal.
He's the only one who knows
where the real Roger Finch is.
Boss, we don't less-lethal
a finger on the trigger.
Then we lose his victim.
(yelling)
(explosive pops,
woman yells)
I swear, this is
your last chance.
Don't. Don't.
Please?
You want me to
shoot, I'll shoot.
There's nothing I can do.
GUNMAN:
I'm not joking!
We've lost visual.
GUNMAN:
You hear me?
Boss, we're going in.
(firing, people screaming)
I don't think you're
listening to me.
Let's go. Go, go.
(clatters)
(banging)
Police! Right there!
Drop the gun!
Drop your weapon!
SRU! Drop your weapon!
Drop it now!
(firing)
(man screams)
Down, down!
Stay down! Stay down!
It's over!
(panicked clamoring)
Got him, Sam?
(handcuffs clicking)
Yes, sir.
Boss, subject's secure.
Copy that, Eddie.
Spike, you stand by.
Let's I.D. this guy and find out
where the real Roger Finch is.
Got it.
Roger Finch's wallet.
And that?
That's Roger Finch's checkbook.
All right.
Let's get him up.
Garth Scarrow's wallet.
(phone chirps)
Spike, we've got a positive
I.D. of our gunman.
Scarrow. Got it.
ED (over comm):
Where is he, Garth?
Garth, where's Roger Finch?
I don't know.
He was abducted from his car
earlier today.
Okay.
Okay? And here you are
with his what?
His wallet and his checkbook?
That's right.
Has he been harmed
in any way, Garth?
I don't know.
I found that on the
ground near a car.
I figured it was
my lucky day.
Get him out of here.
Spike, Scarrow's
a plumbing contractor.
SPIKE:
Copy.
No criminal record.
No meds or mentals.
It must be his first hold-up.
Cross-reference Scarrow's name
with Roger Finch's?
You got it.
The gunman is
a plumber.
Have you had any work done
on your house recently?
No, he didn't...
I told you.
I've never seen him before
in my life.
Gina!
JULES:
Gina, hold on!
What have you done with him?
Where is Roger?
PARKER:
Wordy, hold up.
Please! Just tell me.
Is he alive?
Yeah. He's alive.
He's alive. He's safe.
Okay?
That's all
I can tell you.
Who's Mark Logan?
Huh?
(phone beeps)
You texted him two minutes
before we arrested you.
"I'm sorry. Road block."
Who's that?
Let's try this again.
Who's Mark, and what
are you sorry for?
I'm sorry I failed,
but I'm not sorry I tried.
SPIKE:
Boss?
Yeah. Spike, go ahead.
Mark Logan connects
me some dots.
Garth Scarrow's daughter Ava
is married to a Mark Logan.
Got an address?
Coming up.
Keep him here.
Let's get to the Logans'
house ASAP, Eddie.
They're all involved.
They're either holding him
or they know where he is.
But they don't know
that we know that,
so let's not turn it
into a hostage situation.
Stealth and speed, boss.
All right.
No vehicles out back.
No possible rear exit, either.
Copy.
No movement.
Police!
Open the door!
Police! Open up!
Police! SRU!
SRU! Police!
Bathroom clear!
Basement clear.
Bedroom clear.
Upstairs clear.
Boss, the Logan house
is empty.
ED:
There's no sign of Roger Finch.
I got cars registered to
both Mark and Ava Logan.
Putting out a city-wide
APB on both vehicles.
Ed, get a read
on the house.
ED: Copy that.
Ava Logan. Employment
history ends two years ago.
Never completed high school.
Mark Logan,
current employment:
warehouse custodian
at Polson Industrial Park.
And aside from two
parking tickets,
they're both squeaky clean.
Mark, what's going on?
Your dad texted me.
He didn't make it.
Oh, God. Is he... is he okay?
I mean, what happened?
I don't know, I don't know.
We're going to have
to start thinking
ahead, just in case.
CHILD:
Dad?
Hey, buddy. How you doing?
Where's Poppy? Mom said he was
going to be with you.
Yeah, um, Poppy
had some things to do.
But he's gonna
meet us later, okay?
He wanted me
to tell you to be brave.
I'm brave.
(chuckles)
We're due at 3:00.
You ready for this, bud?
Bring it on.
That's my kid.
(man screaming)
(pounding)
Mark.
I'll see you later.
Okay? Bye.
Look, you got to go.
I know.
They're expecting him.
We need to get ready.
Yeah. But how, Mark? We
don't have the money.
Don't worry.
I'll get it.
How? How are we...
(man screaming)
(pounding)
Oh, God.
I'll figure
something out, okay?
Come on. Go, go.
(shouting continues)
Okay, Chris.
Buckle up.
(engine starts)
MAN:
Help!
(pounding inside trunk)
Somebody! Help!
WORDY:
Got some final notices here.
Looks like their credit cards
are maxed out.
So, what? They talk her dad
into hitting a bank?
SAM:
We might have something.
They have a son, Chris,
who's obviously really sick.
There's an I.V.
and lots of medication.
Prednisone,
methotrexates.
Where are those
prescriptions from?
JULES:
Uh, a pharmacy at St. Simon's.
I'd say this kid's got leukemia.
They've got all
these books on it,
and some of them
are pretty advanced.
St. Simon's has got
a really good cancer ward.
You know, if they're treating
his leukemia there,
I bet they know the parents
pretty well.
PARKER: Okay, Jules.
That's a good place to start.
Copy. On my way.
Sam, pick up a phone and do
a star-98 to retrieve messages.
Try 1234 as a password.
(dialing)
No.
Try the house address.
4427.
No.
Spike, let me try his birthday.
Logan, Chris.
Ten-27.
(dialing)
Hey, we got it.
Three messages.
DIGITAL VOICE:
To listen, press one.
WOMAN (on recording):
Hello, this is the Dovercourt
Public Library calling.
DIGITAL VOICE:
Next.
SCARROW (on recording):
Mark, damn it. Where are you?
Never mind. I'll text your cell.
DIGITAL VOICE:
Next.
MAN:
Mark, Terrence Brown again.
Look, I'm really sorry, but the
price remains the same in cash.
No negotiations.
Plus hotel and expenses
during my recovery.
I'm up against the wall
Recovery?
myself right now, okay?
Surgery.
Bills of my own, and we did
have an understanding.
So we'll see you at 2:00
on Friday as planned,
unless I hear otherwise, okay?
Thanks. Bye.
Okay, the only real cure
for leukemia
is bone marrow transplant,
but it's hard to find a match.
Yeah, well, it looks
like the Logans found one.
He was going
to charge them 40 grand.
Well, desperate parents,
someone takes advantage.
He mentioned a hotel.
There's a charge for a room at
the Traveler's Oasis on King.
Winnie.
Yeah, Sarge?
Winnie, send a couple of
unmarked units to sit on the
Traveler's Oasis on King with
photos of Mark and Ava Logan.
All right?
And have them alert us
immediately if they're spotted.
WINNIE: Copy that.
We're not going to pick up
the guy who's trafficking
body parts?
PARKER: Hey. Right now
all the Logans know
is that the bank robbery
went south.
As long as they think they can
still get what they want,
we can try
to predict their moves.
Shut up!
Somebody help me!
Help me!
(sirens wailing)
Shut up!
Help!
(pounding inside trunk)
Okay, that's it.
Help me!
Help!
You shut up!
No, no, no. No.
Shut up!
Please.
You said you'd let me go.
No. I said I'd let you go when
we were done,
and we are not done yet.
Look, look, I know
you've been through a lot.
And I'm sorry.
Oh, you're sorry?
Sorry for what?
Sorry...
sorry for what you've...
Sorry for some bad decisions
that you've made?
No, I... Look...
Or sorry that you
don't get to what?
Just walk away?
Please. This-This isn't the way.
You don't get
to say sorry
unless you're willing
to make this right.
There's nothing I can do.
There's nothing I can
do. There's nothing.
I have...
I have two little girls.
Please. And a wife.
Please. I have to think of them.
Yeah. Yeah,
you do have a wife and kids.
Help! Somebody!
No!
Somebody! Help!
(grunts)
Gina, do you know
a young married couple
named Ava and Mark Logan?
No. I don't think so.
They have a young boy
named Chris
who's sick
with leukemia.
No. The name isn't familiar.
(cell phone ringing)
Oh.
Excuse me.
Sure.
(phone beeps on)
Hello?
Yes.
Who is this?
It's-It's him.
Okay.
It's okay. I want you
to put it on speakerphone
and keep talking to him.
Calmly, okay?
(phone beeps)
Please,
just-just tell me what you want.
MARK:
$40,000 in cash,
or your husband dies.
You have 30 minutes.
$40,000?
PARKER:
Yes. The same amount
that Garth Scarrow
was trying to withdraw.
The price of the blood
for Chris.
Mark Logan's just turned this
into kidnapping for ransom.
Finch's life in exchange
for his son's.
Why would he still be
trying to get the money?
'Cause he doesn't
know we're on to him
or that we're
staking out the donor.
He's got a deadline, guys.
He still thinks
he can pull this off.
What, with a botched bank heist
and a kidnapping?
WORDY:
He's out of time.
He's grasping at straws.
My girls were in trouble,
I'd be grasping, too.
All right.
So let's pay this guy.
Yeah. Money job's the
best way to lure him out.
We let him think that he's going
to get everything he wants.
Copy that.
Already called downtown.
The money's on its way
to us now.
Nice.
Well done, boss.
Grab him at the pick-up and
we'll make him take us to Finch.
Yes, and he wants us
to put the cash
inside a garbage can on the
corner of Dundas and Jarvis.
All right.
Let's get on it.
We recon the area
and get into position.
Spike, let's use traffic cameras
to keep an eye out
for Mark's car.
Traffic cameras?
Yeah.
Okay.
(typing)
Excuse me.
I'm looking for a pediatric
patient-- Chris Logan.
Chris. Sure.
He's here now.
Where?
He's in Pre-op,
just down the hall.
(indistinct P.A. announcement)
MAN (over P.A.):
Dr. Harris to X-ray.
Whoa!
Are you Chris?
Yeah. Who are you?
I'm Jules. I'm looking
for your parents.
Are they here?
What kind of
uniform is that?
Strategic Response Unit.
Are your parents...?
That's like SWAT, right?
Pretty much.
Except what?
Well, except, uh,
besides the normal SWAT stuff,
we also specialize in,
uh, psychological profiling.
Cool. You want to
try profiling me?
(laughs)
Maybe later.
Have you ever
seen a dead body?
Yeah, I have.
When you find a dead body,
you have to tag and bag, right?
(laughs) You certainly
know a lot about cops.
I want to be a cop.
You do?
Or... a doctor.
If I get to live, I want
to be a cop or a doctor.
WOMAN:
Chris, they didn't have
the one you wanted,
but Lily said that...
Ava Logan?
Uh, yes.
I'm Jules Callaghan.
Can I have a... a moment
with you out in the hallway?
Sure.
I'll be right outside, okay?
JULES:
Your father was
just arrested
for identity theft
and armed robbery.
Armed? Oh, my God, is he okay?
He's fine.
He's in custody.
But right now,
we need to find
your husband and Roger Finch.
Uh, I don't...
I don't know where they are.
Have you seen Mark today?
I... I...
Um...
Ava, your husband
just threatened
to kill Roger Finch
if his wife doesn't
come up with $40,000
within the next
15 minutes.
(gasps)
I don't believe it.
It's not gonna work, Ava.
We know about the money,
we know about the donor.
(exhales)
(sobbing)
If you have any idea
where your husband is,
please tell us before
somebody gets hurt.
I'm sorry, I don't
know where he is.
He just... he just said that
he would come up with something.
(sighs)
(sniffles)
I don't like it--
it's too exposed,
too many civilians, Wordy.
Clear the area, he'll
know something's up.
Okay. Sam?
Heading to the roof
on the northwest corner.
How's it coming, Eddie?
Another few minutes,
we'll be in place.
Okay, we've got less
than ten minutes from pickup
if he's punctual. Spike?
"Hey, Spike, why don't
you link up to all
the traffic cameras,
"just patch into them?
Do that hooky-hacky-patchy
thing you do."
Spike... everything okay?
I'm just saying,
that's a lot of cameras,
that's a lot of cars.
I'm trying.
Jules, any news?
Listen in.
We know that it's illegal
to pay the donor,
but Chris, he's been
on a wait list
for a transplant
for over a year,
and his organs, they're
starting to fail,
and we... I mean, we
could lose him today.
(crying):
Today.
How'd you find Brown?
We, uh, we put out
a public plea,
a message board
and a Web site--
anything to find
a match fast.
And then we
found one.
But he wanted money?
Which he only told us
after he got our hopes up.
Because by then we'd...
we'd already started believing,
you know,
that Chris had a chance.
So... so we begged him,
but he wouldn't give his consent
without seeing all
of the cash up front.
So we agreed, and it's
supposed to happen today.
Aw, Ava, you couldn't
have found another way?
We... we tried to re-mortage,
but we're already in debt.
Mark had to drop out of
med school when Chris got sick.
My father has no money.
Chris, Chris,
he doesn't have time
for us to find another way.
Why did you target
Roger Finch?
Look, we're-we're not thieves.
So this isn't random.
(sighs)
I knew him
from high school.
He was your teacher?
He was...
he was a different
person back then, and...
I didn't know any better.
How long were you
involved with him?
Mm-mm, it wasn't...
it wasn't like it sounds.
It was nothing like it sounds.
He was a teacher,
but he was young and...
and one of those guys with...
with a real gift, you know?
That you can talk
about almost anything
and shows you beauty
that you never saw before.
And you just... you
don't want the class to end.
But you dropped out.
We made a mistake one night.
It was one night.
But I don't regret
this boy.
(crying):
He's my Chris.
Did Roger know
he had a son?
(sniffles)
Not until recently. Uh...
When we couldn't find
a donor match in the family,
Mark and I, we broke down
and we went to see Roger.
(door opens)
Sorry to keep
you folks waiting.
Hi. Roger Finch.
Mark Logan.
Mark, nice to meet you.
(Ava clears throat)
Hi, Roger.
Ava.
We hadn't seen each other
in 11 years.
We dropped the bomb on him
he had a son,
his son would die soon
without the transplant,
and that he was
the only one in the family
that hadn't been tested...
that could save him.
I'm not his family.
Roger, I'm sorry that
I didn't tell you.
I thought that
it was for the best.
And what makes you
think it's me?
What?
I mean, you were a
popular girl.
How can you think that I...?
I would never...
Maybe you were hoping
for something with me, hm?
Hoping?
I'm afraid I can't help you.
Look, Roger, we're not looking
for child support or anything.
We're just trying to save Chris.
I'm sorry. There must
be some other option.
We are out of options,
and that's why we're here.
We're not trying
to ruin your life,
we're just asking you
to get your blood tested.
Yeah, I'm-I'm sorry, I, uh...
I really hope you find
a donor for your son.
That's all you're gonna say?
That's all you have to say
about this?
Please don't...
don't make me
call security, please.
Mark.
Mark, come on.
(scoffs)
Why didn't you file
for a paternity test?
Because they take... they take
time and money--
it's two things
that we don't have.
And we tried to get Roger
to help us with the money,
but... he wouldn't even
return our phone calls.
I'm sorry to ask you this,
but how old were you
when you were with Roger?
(sniffles)
Too young.
Legally speaking.
Thank you.
Okay, why don't you...
stay with Chris.
I... I...
(sighs)
Boss.
Yeah, I got all that.
He gives a blood test
and he's identified
as the boy's biological father.
And there's no
statue of limitations
on statutory rape--
he'd be going to jail.
Roger Finch, family man,
community leader,
Teacher of the Year.
Rape charge,
and his life is over.
How can a guy just
let his own son die?
(exhales)
I don't know, boss, remind me
again who's the bad guy here.
(sighs)
In position.
ED:
Okay, Wordy...
(over radio):
make the drop.
On my way.
Package delivered.
(typing)
(beep)
No way.
I got a '98 sedan,
plates match Mark Logan's.
How far out?
12 blocks.
Wordy, if we can take Logan down
without endangering Finch,
let's do that.
But if we can't,
let him take the money,
we'll follow from
a safe distance.
Copy that, boss.
Standing by.
Subject is seven
blocks away.
Should be in position
in the next three minutes.
Mom?
I don't feel good--
I got to go to the washroom.
Okay. It's okay.
Come on. I gotcha.
I gotcha.
Is there anything
I can do?
No. I got it.
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
(exhales)
Stand by.
Standing by.
SPIKE:
Subject is entering
the drop zone.
Standing by.
Wait. What's he doing?
He just did a U-turn.
Where's he going?
Where'd he go, Spike?
I don't know, he must've
gone into an alley.
(groans)
Ava? Ava, I'm gonna
have to open this door.
Okay, I need the phone.
(sighs)
Boss...
Ava texted Mark
and told him we were waiting.
He's gone.
Wordy, grab Sam.
Let's go.
Roger!
Change of plans!
Okay, guys, Mark can't
be too far. He's only got
a couple of minutes on us
in this traffic.
Ava told him we know
about the donor.
That door's closed.
He's running out of time;
he's looking for a new plan.
Sorry, boss,
right under my nose.
Let it go, Jules.
Could've been any one of us.
Spike, any luck?
He's got an old
cell phone, no GPS.
I'm trying to triangulate him.
Sam, any sign?
Nothing yet.
(siren wailing)
You had Chris fake being sick
so you could text Mark?
He doesn't have
to fake being sick.
Okay, come on, Ava,
I know that this is hard...
Do you have
children,
Officer?
No, not yet.
Then you have no idea
how hard this is.
Mark spent years studying
to be a doctor.
All that studying,
but when his own
boy is diagnosed?
I'll tell you one thing
he's doing right now--
he's not giving up.
SPIKE:
Team One, I got a signal
on Mark's phone.
University, near Richmond.
That's near St. Simon's.
That is St. Simon's.
Jules, he may be headed
your way, hostage in tow.
Let's alert hospital security.
Maybe we can get him coming in.
Copy that, boss.
I'm on my way.
(typing)
Mark, I got
your message.
How's Chris?
He's all right, but there's
a cop there talking with
him and Ava right now.
Did they find out you were
planning on paying the donor?
No, it doesn't matter.
What do you mean?
The donor-- he's
not going to do it.
Mark, I'm sorry, man.
Jeff, listen, I need your help.
I need you to test this sample.
What is this?
Look, I need you
to trust me, okay?
Okay.
Thank you.
JULES: No sign
of Mark Logan yet, boss,
but we've got
all the main entrances covered.
Boss, we found Logan's car--
level three of the garage.
Oh, there's blood
in the trunk.
If that's Roger's,
maybe he took him inside.
It's a big hospital,
and we're looking
for a guy with an injury?
If I was Mark right now,
I'd go back to my original plan.
Get Finch's blood tested.
Sam, Wordy,
start a sweep.
See if you can intercept him
or if any of the staff
have seen him.
Copy that.
Got it.
PARKER:
Jules, you stay close
to Chris, in case he tries
to make contact.
Copy that.
Sure, I know
Mark Logan.
Everyone misses
him here.
What's going on?
Well, we think
he came in
with a man named Roger Finch,
wanting to test him
as a possible bone marrow donor.
Well, let's have a look.
(indistinct announcement
over P.A.)
(typing)
No, there's no Roger Finch
on the list.
The only tests done
this afternoon were
for Michael Copeland,
Terrence Brown,
Audrey Anderson...
Terrence Brown.
Mm-hmm?
PARKER:
Donor for profit.
Uni confirmed
that he never left the hotel.
Hold on, donor for profit?
And Brown's scheduled
for an extraction today.
He's passing Finch off
as Brown.
Doc, are those test
results in yet?
(typing)
Uh...
Brown's blood was compared
with Chris Logan's
for possible BMT
and same HLA type--
he's a match.
Where's the procedure happening?
O.R. three, third floor.
Thank you.
(monitors beeping)
Mark, think about it.
You'll go to prison.
Yeah, and Chris will live.
Please, Jeff, look,
you've known Chris
since he was little.
Please.
Look, what if it was
your daughter?
What if it was Emma--
her life in your hands?
Okay.
O.R. three, third floor.
On our way.
He's come this close.
He's not gonna let
anything stop him now.
(monitors beeping)
So, Mr. Brown...
Just put him under,
he's all set.
This is for
your son, isn't it?
That's right.
Glad to see
you finally found a donor.
Yeah, we were lucky.
Would it be okay
if I stayed
to observe?
I scrubbed.
Sure.
I understand.
So let's have a look.
What are these abrasions
on his forehead?
Hit his head getting
out of the taxi.
I checked him out,
he's fine.
Please, could we just, could
we just get started here?
Is everything
all right, Mark?
Yeah.
End of the hall.
Finch's blood matches Chris'.
Logan's passing him off
as a donor to get his marrow.
So his kid
would live, right?
I hear you, but a donor
has got to be willing.
But they'll both live.
We're trying
to save lives here.
Not our call, Wordy.
I get it--
I'm just saying.
Sam, stay less lethal.
PARKER:
O.R. three-- this is it.
Stand back, please.
Okay, guys,
on three.
One, two...
SRU. Step away
from the patient.
SRU!
Step away!
This patient did not
give his consent...
What's going on?
Do it now!
This patient did not give
his consent.
Stanwell, you do this or I swear
to God I will kill this man.
Mark, that's not
the answer, buddy.
Well, what is the answer?!
Because my son is dying
right now!
Mark, just listen to me, buddy.
Marrow can be harvested
hours after he is dead,
and I swear I will do this
if I have to.
I will kill this man
to save my son.
You've taken an oath
to preserve life.
You'd be killing Chris
if you didn't use it.
Are we going ahead
with this procedure or not?!
Your choice.
(gunshots)
ED:
Stay down, stay down!
Help me, please.
(handcuffs click)
My son is gonna die.
Please, please don't do this.
Please.
You're such a
good boy, Chris.
You know that your dad and I--
we love you so much.
CHRIS:
I know.
Oh, please,
let me say good-bye
to my son.
Let me say good-bye.
Just let me
say good-bye.
AVA:
Can you do that?
CHRIS:
Yes.
Yeah.
AVA:
And once this is done,
I'm gonna be right here
when you get out, okay?
And when it's all over,
I'm gonna take you to the...
Mark.
I'm so sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Hey.
Hey, buddy.
Listen, we are going to
find you another donor,
and everything is going
to be fine, okay?
Don't worry, Dad, it's okay.
Oh, man, I am so proud of you.
He's not even scared.
He's trying to comfort them.
It isn't right.
No.
PARKER:
There's a police officer
in the hallway--
he'll take you back to the
station when you're done here.
Okay.
Do you even know his name?
PARKER:
What are you doing?
It's Chris.
Did you know that?
Look, I...
Did you know
that he has
your eyes?
Except for his eyes see things
differently than you do.
His eyes are brave,
and when he looks at you,
he looks right into you
and you believe
what he believes.
You believe that
anything is possible.
He might be dead by the time
you have dessert tonight.
You all right with that?
No, of course not.
And you're a match, right?
They told you
that your blood's a match.
Not that it's my business--
I'm just saying.
GINA:
Roger, w-what
were you thinking?
Gina, look, I was...
I was protecting you and the
girls, that's all, I was...
Just doing the right thing?
Reminded of frailty
I feel like a child tonight
Let the broken, weak
And war-torn souls
Soon return to life
Wait till the morning
It is bound to come
Wait for a sign tonight
Fear lies by the fireside
Don't mean
there ain't hope tonight
Wait on the sun
There's better days to come
And though these questions
blow your mind
Answers are not
bound by time...
Hey.
Listen, I... I wanted
to let you know, if you
ever need to talk...
It's okay.
There's better days
to come...
You need any company?
You want to go grab a bite?
Thanks.
There's someplace I got to be.
Okay.
Bye.
All right,
thanks, Jules.
And though these questions
blow your mind
Answers are not
bound by time
Wait on the sun
There's better days to come.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org